---
tags:
  - hackathons
---
# Explain your motivation for joining this hackathon and what excites you about it. Outline your personal and professional goals related to your participation in the hackathon. (Max 250 words)
I'd like to come to this hackathon to challenge myself to develop something unique. Every single hackathon I challenge myself to try new frameworks, languages or toolkits. Last hackathon I learned Golang and electron, and for the past few weeks I have been experimenting with Solana smart contracts with the intent to build something sometime soon. My favorite part of hackathons is talking to mentors, or talking to people that know more than me. I feel that the networking and mentorship acquired at hackathons is very valuable. Im constantly recommended things wildly different from what I would find on my own. At Uofthacks I asked about how to connect AWS with Twilio, it ended up being a websockets issue and I was taught the entire history of websockets instead. I also enjoy attending the workshops, I often attend attend as many workshops as possible to add more to my knowledge-base. Last hackathon I attended a workshop on building tetris out of NAND gates which was interesting. its a lot of things to be learned all around, and it really is exciting
# Imagine you have no constraints; what AI challenge would you address and how? (Max 250 words)
Ive always planned to do research into AI safety and AI ethics. Imposing the right regulations is the most important thing we can do right now. Both in how AI should be developed, the rate at which we develop it aswell as the motive behind its development. I feel like many of the ethical issues with AI now are caused by irresponsible use of the technology rather than the technology itself. Many of the companies spearheading LLM development are rotten and have little concern as to how to ethically train LLMs. The process of creating LLMs is very expensive, arguably more expensive than it should be. More companies turn towards collecting data then respecting their user's privacy for a cut of the big-data profits. Some absolutely awful softwares and products have been made with AI and creatives are having their work stolen. I also enjoy thinking about AGI, and even though current models seem far from capable of being AGI, the rate at which LLM's improve has broken past Moore's law and sees no signs of stopping. Its very interesting stuff to think about. I would like to participate in the regulation aspects of AI.