---
tags:
  - hackathons
---
# Tell us about a project you enjoyed working on. What made you decide to work on this project? What challenges did you face?
I loved setting up my homelab this summer. I got inspired from a similar self-hoster running nadeko.net, where they host privacy-related services. I bought myself a few HDDs and setup my desktop to install the proxmox hypervisor. Everything was great until I renamed a node, causing irreversable damage to my configuration files. I had to reinstall everything from scratch, and this time I setup periodic backups on a seperate drive. Many issues actually came with exposing services to the internet as it was my first time using nginx as a reverse proxy. My troubleshooting process came down to checking the network tab of devtools for client -> server issues, using netstat and traceroute for testing connections and making flask servers to check if the firewalls were working properly. Ubuntu and stack exchange forms were a lifesaver. There are still issues with uptime that I am trying to diagnose. I plan to setup grafana for monitoring later this week, to try and find the root issue (I believe they are power surges).
# If you could not do anything related to school, work, or coding for 4 months, what would you do and why?*
Ive always wanted to document notes on alchemy and setup a little garden for planting rhizomes and oily herbs There are some quite profound ideas and it seems to be really fun. There are great small communities out there that teach this stuff, and beginner guides I have compiled.
# You are given an elephant. You cannot sell or give away the elephant. What do you do with the elephant?*
Develop crude experiments subjecting the elephant to new conscious experiences through neuron implants and project simulations into its brain stem